Add docs for KubeletTracing feature gate 1.25 (#35137)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  [resource allocation reporting](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/#monitoring-device-plugin-resources)
  with informations about the allocatable resources, enabling clients to properly
  track the free compute resources on a node.
- `KubeletTracing`: Enable the kubelet to export OpenTelemetry trace spans.
  See [KubeletTracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2831-kubelet-tracing/README.md)

>   for more details.

Author: updated, thanks

- `LegacyNodeRoleBehavior`: When disabled, legacy behavior in service load balancers and
  node disruption will ignore the `node-role.kubernetes.io/master` label in favor of the
  feature-specific labels provided by `NodeDisruptionExclusion` and `ServiceNodeExclusion`.
- `KubeletTracing`: Add support for distributed tracing in the kubelet.
  When enabled, kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
  OpenTelemetry trace spans. Sampling rate and collector address are configurable. When enabled without
  a tracing configuration, a parent span's sampling decision is respected and the default collector
  address of 0.0.0.0:4317 is set. See
  [KubeletTracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2831-kubelet-tracing/README.md)

>   for more details.

Reviewer: Instead of linking to a KEP, please write a documentation page and link to that.

I would add it within https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/node/ - for example, a new page at https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/node/telemetry/

Author: ok for this PR I'll remove the link to the KEP, and I'll add a docs/reference/node/telemetry/. page in a follow-up, so this PR can clear.

Author: all set - added to the `cluster administration, system-tracing` docs that were added w/ apiserver tracing

- `LegacyNodeRoleBehavior`: When disabled, legacy behavior in service load balancers and
  node disruption will ignore the `node-role.kubernetes.io/master` label in favor of the
  feature-specific labels provided by `NodeDisruptionExclusion` and `ServiceNodeExclusion`.
- `KubeletTracing`: Add support for distributed tracing in the kubelet.

>   When enabled, kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When enabled, the kubelet instruments its CRI interface and authenticated HTTP servers to generate
```

- `LegacyNodeRoleBehavior`: When disabled, legacy behavior in service load balancers and
  node disruption will ignore the `node-role.kubernetes.io/master` label in favor of the
  feature-specific labels provided by `NodeDisruptionExclusion` and `ServiceNodeExclusion`.
- `KubeletTracing`: Add support for distributed tracing in the kubelet.
  When enabled, kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
  OpenTelemetry trace spans. Sampling rate and collector address are configurable. When enabled without
  a tracing configuration, a parent span's sampling decision is respected and the default collector

>   address of 0.0.0.0:4317 is set.

Reviewer: Please move:
> Sampling rate and collector address are configurable. When enabled without
  a tracing configuration, a parent span's sampling decision is respected and the default collector
  address of 0.0.0.0:4317 is set.

into the concept docs.

Author: done!
